>> Brian Holt: Let's
go do the JavaScripts.
I'm gonna link to a script
down here at the bottom.
I'm gonna call this game dot js or
something like that.
You can call it whatever you like.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna say new file,
call it game dot js.
>> Brian Holt: And now,
we can start working on the JavaScript.
I think the first thing I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna create an object that represents
each one of these moles.
So I'm gonna say const
moles equals an array.
And I'm gonna have a bunch of objects for
each mole in the array.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna say
the status of each one of these.
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm gonna start them out with,
let's say you can have them start out as
hungry or gone or something like that.
I'm gonna have some start out as sad.
>> Brian Holt: Which is like they
had just missed eating a worm.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
the next time that they're gonna come out
>> Brian Holt: Or rather actually,
the next time that their
status is going to change.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna say something
that's gonna be like date now plus
2,000, right?
So they're gonna be sad for two seconds.
Let's actually make it just one second.
>> Brian Holt: If they're
gonna be a king mole or not.
So I'm gonna have that be false.
>> Brian Holt: And then, I'm gonna have
the node that represents each one of
these, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm gonna have this be node.
>> Brian Holt: Document get
element by ID whole dash zero.
>> Brian Holt: Or if you wanted to,
you could totally have the speed
document dot query selector.
Pound whole dash zero.
Just write that one, cuz I'm so
used to writing it for so long.
>> Brian Holt: Either or.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Speaker 2: So
is this starting off by saying this,
>> Speaker 2: This object represents just
the first mole?
And then,
you are gonna need to make nine more?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So I think this is kind
of the easiest way for me personally.
There's, again,
there's 10,000 ways to write this.
And you give even very similar developers,
or even asked me on a different day and
I would have written this a different way,
right?
So this is just the way
that I'm choosing to do it.
Other people would have written
this totally differently.
To me, it makes sense to have an object
with all the metadata about each mole in
some sort of array here.
>> Brian Holt: So if you have some
different way that you think you can solve
this better or differently or
something that makes more sense,
then by all means you
should definitely do that.
So here, I'm just gonna copy and
paste this a bunch of times.
So this is gonna be hole one.
>> Brian Holt: And actually,
it'd be better if I could have some sort
of function that generated times for me.
So I'm gonna actually abstract
that out into a function,
which I'm gonna call something
like function get sad interval.
>> Brian Holt: And
that's gonna return to the date now plus
some sort of timing right?
So how long do you want moles to be sad?
I think in my game here that I wrote,
I think the sad interval was 500.
So they're sad for
half a second before they disappear.
Let's just go with a full second for now.
>> Brian Holt: So rather than
saying date plus now plus 1,000, so
I'm not just doing this everywhere,
I'm gonna say get a sad interval.
Get sad interval.
And now, I have this reusable function.
So if later,
I wanna mess with these timings,
I don't have to go change it in 12 places.